USF-3613: Document custom content below cart item total price (#725)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/cart/slots.mdx

})(block);
```

### RowTotalFooter slot

> The `RowTotalFooter` slot allows you to display custom content below the total row price of each cart item. Use this slot to showcase promotional messages, special offers, or other contextual information based on your business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RowTotalFooter` slot lets you show custom content beneath each cart item’s total price. Use it to display promotions, special offers, or other relevant information based on your business logic.
```

})(block);
```

### RowTotalFooter slot

> The `RowTotalFooter` slot allows you to display custom content below the total row price of each cart item. Use this slot to showcase promotional messages, special offers, or other contextual information based on your business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RowTotalFooter slot lets you show custom content beneath each cart item’s total price. Use it to display promotions, special offers, or other relevant information based on your business logic.
```
